welcome to Ted grant field here at
LeMoyne college we have our second game
of our doubleheader today the women's
team defeated st. Michael's College
earlier today two to nothing now we have
the men's soccer team taking on
undefeated number one ranked southern
New Hampshire
Cabala though there to Campbell go
camera on the attack
take ooh take who shot saved by Ben fury
then Peary puts it over the bar huge
save his first test of the game and he's
up for the challenge
corner kick Wow changes this game and
here's a no chance here's Egger ball
bike I go with the chance the shot saved
oh wow angry with another shot and a
huge seal again by the magic and folks
it looks like we're going to some extra
time here between the southern New
Hampshire payment in the Lemoine
dolphins here at Ted grant field still
no score some great saves and greet
shots of great opportunities looks like
- McNab up to Gentile that that islands
got roster of whoreson going towards the
net in the middle rusher the chance
Oh many great opportunities throughout
the game Ben be remade save after save
and Nick Roscher gets to cross our mark
Gentile sneaks it in to the near post
and there it go as the Dolphins knock
off southern New Hampshire their first
loss in over a year folks undefeated
only one tie that was to Merrimack
earlier this year and they're knocked
off by the Dolphins here on the road
what a win